Master Yuqing, is he alright?
But scared
It will be ready tomorrow morning.
It's alright
What are young people doing badly?
What do you have to do?
If I hadn't arrived in time
He's dead.
master
Yuqing, his mother is sick
Surgery alone costs 1 million
If you have to
How could he possibly do this?
Yeah, he was a little careful.
Let's go outside and watch him for the night
Well, master
You go first
I'll just watch him in bed
Let's go
Yuqing
Are you awake?
have money
master
How is that possible?
This is the 14th floor.
Uh-huh.
Oops, hahaha, congratulations, congratulations.
10 bucks last night
A reward is a reward 500,000
Hahaha
Hey, Yucheng?
Come out quickly
You are the boss of Yucheng Live Broadcasting Company.
Oops, that's right.
Haha, hurry up and call him out!
I want to make him the number one supernatural master on the whole network
Hahaha ouch
You're late.
That girl is missing
Boss Feng
Let me watch last night's live replay
I suspect that girl has been stolen by evil